My experiences in England, by Wang Huai.
I went to England last year.
I enjoyed my stay and I noticed something interesting with the English way of life.
For example, you must say, Mr. or Mrs. when you meet someone for the first time.
When you get to know each other better or when they ask you to, you can just use their
first names.
One day we visited some friends and had afternoon tea together.
Afternoon tea is not just a drink, but a light meal at around 4pm.
We eat sandwiches and a large fruitcake.
In England you usually drink tea with milk, so I tried to drink tea with milk too.
Fish and chips is the traditional food in England.
You can buy it and eat it in special fish and chip shops on the high street, or you can
take it away and eat it with your fingers.
It is delicious.
At the bus stop you must not push your way onto the bus.
You need to stand in a line and wait your turn.
Sometimes people are slow to get on the bus.
Once I noticed a gentleman touch a young man on the shoulder, smile politely and say,
excuse me, are you waiting for this bus?
He was really polite.